hello summoners in some nights it's
going in here and i'm finally back after
my two two and a half week you know a
little vacation little competition here
so just want to give you guys an update
video of what I did you know where I was
and what I plan to do you know in the
next couple of weeks with the channel
and whatnot so first off I was in
Buffalo visiting family for you know the
fourth of July holiday weekend for about
a week week and a half and then I zipped
on over to Connecticut to visit
Orlando's house unspeakable des a lotta
you know my play with them all time
great friend of mine and we were
partaking in a legal actions 5 25
tournament at connecticon in dartford so
i went there i believe it was tuesday
once i arrived and then the tournament
was that following weekend so we had
about two to three days of hard boot
camp to practice for the tournament
there we had i think four or five people
in the one sun room yes we were in the
sunroom at his house to it was awful
just massive you know boot camp for the
tournament and it ended up paying off
because winded up sweeping the whole
tournament except for one game in a
best-of-three where I believe this was
round of 16 where we had to forfeit a
game for this right here just wanted to
give you guys a little synopsis of what
was going on where d 10 in series were
up a game against the team here and
we're OD up it well you know around
5,000 gold here at this point of the
game 60 minutes you know it's a pretty
big deficit but uh we weren't allowed to
you know be am in the tournament you
can't say offensive language yadda yadda
yadda you can't spam things so just to
give you guys a rundown what I'm doing
in the game I'm Gallio and I have you
know 50 CS up a couple kills on the
Talon who's in the mid lane and if you
can see on the mini-map right now I
don't know okay I'm not covering it good
he's at his turret and I'm in the mid
lane and what I wanted to do since I had
a lead on him was I pushed it to the
turret the minion wave so it got reset
and then I was going to aggro all of the
minions and then bring it to my wave and
D agri
way they all focus one minute and
actually push for him so I can deny him
minions that way and I ended up just out
of muscle memory hitting my Tom button I
think it was two or three times they
said on the minion wave Talan wasn't
even near by and they paused the game
and reported before and we ended up
losing the game because of that so i'll
just show you guys the clip here i
thought it was hilarious that we got a
forfeit for this and the ironic thing is
the top laner for the enemy team has
been warned two years in a row for
offensive language and spamming and he
was the one who paused the game and got
the ref to come and disqualify us so
it's just a little ironic but i'll show
you guys the clip here i'm not going to
have sound just because the commentators
weren't doing anything here so look you
can see your talent isn't even here by
me they said in the report he stopped my
back and then i spammed recall just to
like taunt him even though i wasn't
backing here at all and then you can see
on the bottom left-hand side of the
screen i hit Tom I think one two three
times just waiting for the minion wave
to hit me and then I was going to pull
it all to the wave and that alone right
there you'll see here and I think it's
like five seconds they paused the game
and we have like a 12 minute to boggle
with the rest of what was going on and
here's the pause bam pause the game told
minutes later they give us the forfeit
and we go one on one one to one in the
series and it was just it was a
show at the time I was pretty hilarious
just because I didn't expect anything to
happen like that and the refs you know
they had warned us and then they went
and talked to the other team who were
like super salty because the first game
was like a super big stomp and then this
game was kind of going down that path as
well and they said they had to give us
we had a forfeit of match just because
the enemy team was so salty and the
captain of the enemy team after the game
we ended up winning the third game went
up to the judges and said sorry for how
salty they were because they were just
like out of their minds screaming at the
judges like trying to get us
disqualified so it was rather funny and
it ended up you know being all good
because we ended up sweeping the rest of
the tournament
and the head judge after the whole
tournament he was like yeah sorry about
that guys you know we just we had to do
something because it wasn't their rules
and we just wanted to get them to stop
raging at us but you're not the only
team that can pretty much say you won
three games in a best-of-three series so
it in the end you know it just made the
enemy team look super salty which they
were and I forgot to mention at the end
of the game they told us at the end of
Game three whichever team wins you know
get up shake hands yada yada yada and
just move on be a good sport and top
laner who paused and reported us was
staring at the wall with all your
shaking hands and made to like
physically turn him around grabbed his
hand and shake his hand that's how salty
he was oh oh I would have got in a fight
with a guy it was so funny though but a
tournament overall huge success you know
we swept every game except the forfeit
get this little challenging middle thing
even though that's nothing it's not even
real but you know it's still pretty
funny and of course you know we got the
cast the cash prize which was what we
were there for and then afterwards you
know we just went around the event
checked it out not too much there we
just meant went there primarily for the
league of legends but afterwards you
know we had a huge party at all Anasazi
was pretty fun lots of people there so
connecticon you know if you ever in the
area I plan on going back next year
honestly I'll probably do the same thing
go visit family in Buffalo and then
travel to kinetic on because it was huge
like there was a lot of people attending
there and if you're not like I was tied
down kind of the League of Legends I'd
be at that area all day and whatnot but
there was a lot of stuff to do at that
convention so favored in the area
definitely I would recommend you guys
try and go to that next year or you know
years to come because it was pretty fun
and especially if you can you know play
in League of Legends tournaments those
always pretty fun for me as well but I
last up I guess the feature for the
channel and whatnot I do plan on getting
back to daily recording and commentaries
yada yada yada and a day or two I might
have to get acclimated back you know I
just drove em they're 17 hours to get
home so probably gonna stream little
here and there and try and get back into
the group of things but the channel is
back in full vamp here or ramp I don't
even know what the word is but planned
for daily videos again guys
and as always thank you so much for
watching guys I'll have all my social
media down in if box below and as always
I'll see you all next time